update link references to api endpoints (#1744)
blockstack/stacks-blockchain-api: content/how-to-guides/how-to-handle-errors.md

> While the Node RPC API doe not provide the same functionality as the hosted Stacks 2.0 Blockchain API, you will have similar functionality in a way that is scoped to that specific node. The RPC API includes the following endpoints:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the Stacks Node RPC API does not provide the same functionality as the hosted Stacks Blockchain API, you will have similar functionality in a way that is scoped to that specific node. The RPC API includes the following endpoints:
```

Reviewer: Aside from the nit and a typo, I do not follow this statement. Suppose the goal is to say Hiro's Stacks Blockchain API supports the following endpoints that act as a proxy to fetch the raw Stacks RPC endpoint responses. In that case, the latter part of the statement (i.e., "The RPC API includes the following endpoints:") is confusing. Perhaps we could rephrase.

Author: it prob makes sense just to remove that last line, will go ahead and do that
